<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept outputclass="Section" id="Section_1816_307_70_T48_6041815213">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber">1816.307-70</ph> NASA contract clauses.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p outputclass="List1">(a) The contracting officer shall insert the clause at 1852.216-73, Estimated Cost and Cost Sharing, in each contract in which costs are shared by the contractor pursuant to 1816.303-70. 
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(b) The contracting officer shall insert the clause substantially as stated at 1852.216-74, Estimated Cost and Fixed Fee, in cost-plus-fixed-fee contracts. 
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(c) The contracting officer may insert the clause at 1852.216-75, Payment of Fixed Fee, in cost-plus-fixed-fee contracts. </p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(d) The contracting officer may insert the clause at 1852.216-81, Estimated Cost, in cost-no-fee contracts that are not cost sharing or facilities contracts.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(e) [Reserved]
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(f) When FAR clause 52.216-7, Allowable Cost and Payment, is included in the contract, as prescribed at FAR 16.307(a), the contracting officer should include the clause at 1852.216-89, Assignment and Release Forms.
</p>
         <p outputclass="List1">(g) As required by section 827 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Pub. L. 112-239), use the clause at 1852.216-90, Allowability of Costs Incurred in Connection With a Whistleblower Proceeding - 
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(1) In task orders entered pursuant to contracts awarded before September 30, 2013, that include the clause at FAR 52.216-7, Allowable Cost and Payment; and
</p>
         <p outputclass="List2">(2) In contracts awarded before September 30, 2013, that - 
</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(i) Include the clause at FAR 52.216-7, Allowable Cost and Payment; and
</p>
         <p outputclass="List3">(ii) Are modified to include the clause at 1852.203-71, Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights, dated June 2013 or later.
</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
